Add troubleshooting steps for use_frameworks! (#243)
DataDog/dd-sdk-reactnative: README.md

)
```

## Troubleshooting

### Usage with `use_frameworks!`

If you have `use_frameworks!` enabled in your `Podfile`, running `pod install` after adding the SDK is likely to trigger an error like this one:

```shell
The 'Pods-MyApp' target has transitive dependencies that include statically linked binaries: (DatadogSDKBridge, DatadogSDKCrashReporting)
```

To prevent that error, you can overwrite `use_frameworks!` and install all pods as static except for the ones that needs to be a framework:

```ruby
dynamic_frameworks = ['DatadogSDKBridge','DatadogSDKCrashReporting']

# Make all the other frameworks into static frameworks by overriding the static_framework? function to return true
pre_install do |installer|
  installer.pod_targets.each do |pod|
    if !dynamic_frameworks.include?(pod.name)
      def pod.static_framework?;
        true
      end
      def pod.build_type;
        Pod::BuildType.static_library
      end
    end
  end
end
```

> N.B.: This solution comes from this [StackOverflow][14] post.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This solution comes from this [StackOverflow][14] post.
```
